we all kept in the back of us looking hard remember when
we were still on school benches we get by
latest adventures of michel valiant in comics
this always honest and brave driver led by victory the
cars built by his father the famous vaillancourt
thanks to the passion of three passionate people the valiant big challenge
exists in real
the ultra aggressive lines of this car come from the valiant
Panamerican who has distinguished himself in the album titled the treason of steeve
see this
the sexy back in devil shatters the sight and the ears with its jewels and
its four exhaust outlets
as for the very very nasty sale he seems to want to engulf all the
flight
because it's a sports car that's about
all the hiller panoplie
aluminum rims tank cap typed complete leather straps and the
big logo are part of
the interior of the same barrel goes to the essential
big rev counter water temperature and oil are of course essential
the six-speed manual is borrowed from the Peugeot 306 pts 16 while
like the engine by a 4-cylinder 2-liter 16-valve 163-horsepower placed
in central rear position
the moment is solemn genfit the combination and the michel helmet
valiant then he slips me in the middle of this tubular frame in the tub of
the big challenge
it is that it pushes behind
this featherweight of 930 kilos able to hang from 230 kilometers an hour
catapult quickly done well at the end of the three-year straight because I
this authentic propulsion devoid of any assistance is not to put
in all hands
especially on wet ground
enviable survivor the valiant biggest challenge is hard to tame
card in case of small nice morning this attack is assured
what does the paper car become
in reality
for the dream to continue